# Procedural Structure

The idea behind this asset is to generate a procedural structure by settings some nodes and assets.
Depending on the parameters and inputs the structure will be generated accordingly to a Global Seed.
This Global seed will be shared along the structure so the sections and some random attributes will 
be maintained along the creation. 

The basic goal with this generator is to be able to create Procedural Buildings. So in order to create
the building we have to take into consideration some aspects and characteristics shared for the structures. 

For this purpose, first we need to mimic initial aspects to considering before the creation. Since the structures
could have different looks depending on the architecture, type, age, functionality, etc.. a list of some structural 
structure types and forms of architecture will be listed bellow.

    - Agricultural buildings
    - Commercial buildings
    - Residential buildings
    - Medical buildings
    - Educational buildings
    - Government buildings
    - Industrial buildings
    - Military buildings
    - Parking structures and storage
    - Religious buildings
    - Transport buildings
    - Non-buildings
    - Infrastructure
    - Power Providers
    - Others

Also depending on the Country, Civilisation, age, etc.. these types of buildings could be change.
	
	Following a link to the Wikipedia:
	> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_building_types

2. Idea and Motivations

The idea is to build a procedural system that allows the creation of structures, like buildings, factories, towers, etc... 
The structures are created by using many different components and generators. 
The idea is to include different components and assets that can change the look and composition of the elements inside each structure.  
This components could be assets, procedural geometry (sweep, revolve, arrays,), imported models (statics), extrusions, etc..

3. Initial Notes:  
	
All structures need to have some kind of normalized units or standard use of work. This means that every structure must follow the same
rules and principles so all of them will be generated by following the same guidelines, scale, etc.. 

Following I will list some of the initial considerations:	
	
- Always try to maintain Scale for all elements.
- Try to use a standard way of work for settings up the assets into the correct axis, orientation and position.
- The idea is to build an structure that could be reused for any pourpose and arquitectural type.
- Use a Global Seed so the sections and some of its characteristics will be maintained along its construction. (e.j. type of windows, style, architecture, etc...)
	
Also the way that the nodes will be built into HOUDINI need to follow similarities so they will work using the same work-flow. 
This simplify the way the nodes will be built and used.	

  1. Node-Classes.

	Think in Nodes like Classes or Objects that have some particular functionality inside. Some nodes could also inherit
	some functionality like programming languages, but this way could not work sometimes by using Node-based work-flow.
	
	The main functionality in Node-based work-flow it's specified in the following graph:
		
		INPUTS -> NODE -> OUTPUTS
	
	Each nodes has the following components:
		INPUTS:
			Initial Inputs Nodes. (INPUTS SLOTS)
			Initial Parameters (by Inputs slots, UI channels or default values)
		OUTPUTS:
			Public Properties (OUTPUTS SLOTS).
			Private Properties.
		NODE: 
			Each node is composed by different nodes, functions, assets, etc... this means each node will has a particular functionallity.
			In comparison with programming languages, node-based workflow could not call a particular function or node
			that it's inside another node. However, this could be done by using workarounds so a node can returns something that could be
			used for another Node.

 2. Inputs and Outputs. 	
		a. Inputs. For the inputs will be basically another Nodes that contains geometry or parameters that will be useful to determine
			   or compute something. Different Inputs means I will need to merge the input in order to get an output. 
		b. Outputs. Be simple. As much as possible, the best way to work it's using the rule: Inputs -> Node -> Output
			    However sometimes a Node can return different outputs, like a function that takes paremeters by reference.
				
	The way this should works could it be something like call to a function in a language program.
		Function DoSomething(input1, input2, input3) : Output
		
	In general both inputs and outputs will be geoemtry. another inputs and outputs can be described as details attributes so
	can be read for another node. These attributes will be shared for all the Geometry as global.
	
3. Generic to Specific. 

	Try to think first in generic approaches and general functions, and finally take smaller steps
	and develop more specific things. This could be compared to be Modular in a way the a task could be split in different Sub-tasks,
	and so on.
	
	In order to do this, I have to think in helper modules that do some specific functionality and can be reused for some other
	nodes. This could be assets, that returns something, like geometry, detail attributes, etc.. Also, by creating sub-networks that 
	simplify the overall Network and complexity so the implementation won't be so tedious at all when do some changes in the future
	
4. Nodes	
	
4.1 Structure Generator (3 Inputs, 1 Output)

	This structure will be generated taking into account the scale and height of the building. 
	For each section, a minimum height will be defined to compute the number of sections.
	
	Sections could be optional. First and last section are optional, since a building could not have any of those sections. 
	Also the separation between the floors is also optional.
		
4.2 Section Generator (1 Input, 1 Output)

	The section will be part of the Structure generator. This will be used for the structure generator to add the different elements into each section.
	In order to do this, this node needs to know the Structure generator that will be connected to. To simplify this task a button called Find has been used
	to locate the first generator that it's connected. This is because we can have a Merge ortransform node in between so the could be not connected directly.
	
	Each generator will be used for a specified section type defined in the structure. This means the number of sections generator need the be the same as the sections id.
	
	Since, the section generator could be behave different depending on the current section, this must be overwritten or specialized depending on the needs.


4.3 Section Composite (1 Inputs, 1 Output)
	
	
2.4 Assets and Objects Generators (0 Outputs, 1 Output)
	
	
5. Future Proposals

5.1 Machine Learning. 

	For future proposal the integration of machine learning models like Neural Networks to create procedural assets based on already existing knowledge.
	The machine learning feature will use an existing supervised model, already trained, which decide how, when and where to place each element.
	
	This will be done using Python for the training process and the explotation process.

5.2 Real Satellite Data (GIS)

	The idea is to recreate a real city by using Geographic Information System (GIS). 
	This information will be created like layers into the system with the streets, roads, green areas, residencial areas, lakes, etc..
	Also, this information will be useful to get the shape and distribution of the areas and buildings inside a city.
	
5.3 City Polulation

	The idea with this asset is to be able to integrate this asset into the creation of an entire city. 
	This proposal is similar to the previous one, however this asset will populate the city with additional details such as trees, cars, people, traffic lights, 

 